docs: added documentation for deploying to common Apim (#506)
digdir/dialogporten: docs/CommonAPIM.md

This document contains instructions on how to publish a new version of the Dialogporten API to the DigDir common API Management instances.

## 1. Get swagger.json of the API version you wish to deploy

- Start up the Dialogporten application in your IDE and go to your local swagger (default is https://localhost:7214/swagger/)
- Select version from the dropdown in the upper right corner
- Right click and save on the `/swagger/vX/swagger.json` link under the API name.

> - Save the file as `swagger.json`, where X is the version number.

Reviewer: skal X være med i filnavnet her?

Author: Takk, korrektur-fail der

## 2. Copy the swagger.json to the Windows VM

- Go to the Azure Portal and find the resource group `dp-be-common-rg`
- Start the VM `apim-template-gen` and RDP into it (The VM shuts down automatically every night at 00.00)
  - username: digdiradmin

>   - password: stored as a secret in the keyvault in the same resource group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - password: stored as a secret in the key vault in the same resource group
```
